Updating python support versions (#5015)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Core/install-python-compatibility.md

id: install-python-compatibility
---

import Pythonmatrix from '/snippets/_python-compatibility-matrix.md';

> Use this table to match dbt-core versions with their compatible Python versions. New dbt minor versions will add support for new Python3 minor versions as soon as all dependencies can support it. In addition, dbt minor versions will drop support for old Python3 minor versions right before they reach [end of life](https://endoflife.date/python).

Reviewer: suggs: for conciseness and slightly more translation friendly

```suggestion
Use this table to match dbt-core versions with their compatible Python versions. New [dbt minor versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core#minor-versions) will add support for new Python3 minor versions when all dependencies can support it. In addition, dbt minor versions will withdraw support for old Python3 minor versions before their [end of life](https://endoflife.date/python).
```

id: install-python-compatibility
---

> Adapter plugins and their dependencies are not always compatible with the latest version of Python. For example, dbt-snowflake v0.15 is not compatible with Python 3.12, but dbt-snowflake versions 0.20+ are.

Author: @aranke Is there a more recent example we can provide here?
